What do you call it when computer science majors make fun of each other? Cyber boolean
How many computer programmers does it take to change a light bulb? None, that's a hardware problem.
Why did the programmer quit his job? Because he didn't get arrays
My dog ate my coding assignment. It only took him a couple bytes
Did you hear about the mathematician who's afraid of negative numbers? He'll stop at nothing to avoid them
Why don’t Calculus majors throw house parties? Because you should never drink and derive
Why are chemists great for solving problems? They have all the solutions
What did the thermometer say to the graduated cylinder? You may have graduated, but I have more degrees
Why do mathematicians like forests so much? Because of all the natural logs
Why can’t you hear a pterodactyl in the bathroom? Because it has a silent pee.
What did the right eye say to the left eye? "Between you and me, something smells."
I’m on a seafood diet. I see food, and then I eat it.
To the guy who invented zero, thanks for nothing
Never trust an atom, they make up everything
What do you call a creepy Computer Science Professor? A PDF file
How does a computer get drunk?	It takes screenshots.
Here, I bought you a calendar. Your days are numbered now.
Don’t worry, if Plan A doesn’t work, there are 25 more letters in the alphabet.
What's the leading injury for software engineers? Falling out of a chair.
Why do Java Programmers wear glasses. Because they don't see sharp.
What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus.
I invented a new word. Plagiarism. 
I've got 99 problems, but a glitch ain't one.
How do you make a handkerchief dance? You put a little boogie in it.
Why don't sharks eat clown fish? Because they taste funny.
What’s the difference between ignorance and apathy? I don’t know and I don’t care.
Parallel lines have so much in common. It’s a shame they’re never going to meet.
How do bureaucrats wrap presents? With lots of red tape.
What’s Forest Gump’s password? 1forest1.
Did you hear about the houses that fell in love? It was a lawn-distance relationship.
Did you hear about the mathematician who’s afraid of negative numbers? He'll stop at nothing to avoid them.
Why we tell actors to break a leg? Because every play has a cast.
Yesterday, I saw a guy spill all his Scrabble letters on the road... So I asked him,what's the word on the street?
Did you hear about the new restaurant called “Karma?” There's no menu, you get what you deserve.